[Autogenerated] Let's continue with the demo application.
We're going to have the registration service return on
object that represents a registration event,
and we'll add a published subscribed channel where the
registration events will be sent to.
I'm starting with the goat from example five.
First, let's add a class that represents a registration event.
We'll add it to the model next to class at and
registration the registration event.
Plass is just a simple Java object,
with some fields with gathers and centers containing
information on the registration that has been made.
It contains the ticket type, which is premium standard or community,
the ticket price,
the unique code for the ticket and the name and email address off the attorney.
Next, we'll modify the register method in class registration services.
Right now it returns fight, but we'll make it return a registration event.
Object instead.
At the end of the method, we will have to create a registration event object,
fill it with data from the registration that was saved in
the database and return the object.
The register method is called by the service activator that we have
configured in the Spring Integration XML configuration file.
There will have to specify what happens with the event
object that the service returns.
We can add an output channel attributes to the service
activator with the name off the channel that we want the
event object to be sent to now.
We, of course,
have to define that channel to define a published
subscribed channel will add an INT published,
subscribed channel element to the configuration.
Let's give it a name registration event,
and now we can make the service activator point to this channel.
That was all for the first step.
Now we, of course, want to register receivers on this channel. That's what we're going to do next.